10,000 volt
Then I was directly electrocuted to ashes
But be brave for this task
I like it
I didn't expect you to be so capable
You will be my big brother from now on.
Then see if you can help me pick two pieces.
Let me buy it, I've had a good time
Hmm, this one?
This is not for sale.
Why not sell
Then I have to buy it?
You are what
If you don't sell it, you won't sell it.
You earn a lot of money, kid.
It's all luck
You can't take it with you at these times
We must take away what we buy.
Believe it or not, I called a car of brothers
Okay, take something away, leave your life, call me
Uh-huh.
Ah!
He's an enemy anyway, I'll go first
Saving him a life is about to be weak
The foundation is about to be laid.
Ah, I'm just keeping it for you, ah, ah.
Ah, detected rescue person lost
The foundation is about to be laid
I'm giving you artificial respiration, be careful